#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restplus
astor==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
cerberus==1.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restplus
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restplus==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.12.23
    # via tensorflow-intel
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   tensorflow-intel
idna==3.10
    # via requests
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restplus
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
keras==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
optree==0.13.1
    # via keras
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restplus
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
rich==13.9.4
    # via keras
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
    #   flask-restplus
    #   google-pasta
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   optree
    #   tensorflow-intel
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via tensorflow-intel

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
